re1	flhDC	reactant
re1	flhDC_mRNA	product
re2	gfcA	reactant
re2	gfcA_mRNA	product
re3	ompC	reactant
re3	ompC_mRNA	product
re4	ybhL	reactant
re4	ybhL_mRNA	product
re5	yfiR-dgcN-yfiB	reactant
re5	yfiR-dgcN-yfiB_mRNA	product
re6	ymiA-yciX	reactant
re6	ymiA-yciX_mRNA	product
re7	yfiR-dgcN-yfiB_mRNA	reactant
re7	YfiR	product
re8	yfiR-dgcN-yfiB_mRNA	reactant
re8	DgcN	product
re9	guanosine-triphosphate	reactant
re9	diphosphate	product
re9	c-di-GMP	product
re10	yfiR-dgcN-yfiB_mRNA	reactant
re10	YfiB	product
re11	flhDC_mRNA	reactant
re11	FlhD	product
re12	FlhD	reactant
re12	FlhC	reactant
re12	FlhD-FlhC	product
re13	flhDC_mRNA	reactant
re13	FlhC	product
re14	ybhL_mRNA	reactant
re14	YbhL	product
re15	ompC_mRNA	reactant
re15	OmpC	product
re16	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da_Ext	reactant
re16	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da	product
re17	organophosphorus compound_Ext	reactant
re17	organophosphorus compound	product
re18	MCFA_Ext	reactant
re18	MCFA	product
re19	caprate_Ext	reactant
re19	caprate	product
re20	glycoside_Ext	reactant
re20	glycoside	product
re21	sugar_Ext	reactant
re21	sugar	product
re22	beta-Neu5Ac_Ext	reactant
re22	beta-Neu5Ac	product
re23	N-acetylneuraminate_Ext	reactant
re23	N-acetylneuraminate	product
re24	sugar phosphate_Ext	reactant
re24	sugar phosphate	product
re25	monocarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re25	monocarboxylate	product
re26	aromatic compound_Ext	reactant
re26	aromatic compound	product
re27	enterobactin_Ext	reactant
re27	enterobactin	product
re28	trisaccharide_Ext	reactant
re28	trisaccharide	product
re29	disaccharide_Ext	reactant
re29	disaccharide	product
re30	maltose_Ext	reactant
re30	maltose	product
re31	chitobiose_Ext	reactant
re31	chitobiose	product
re32	oligopeptide_Ext	reactant
re32	oligopeptide	product
re33	nucleotide_Ext	reactant
re33	nucleotide	product
re34	nucleotide sugar_Ext	reactant
re34	nucleotide sugar	product
re35	nucleoside_Ext	reactant
re35	nucleoside	product
re36	RCHO_Ext	reactant
re36	RCHO	product
re37	lactone_Ext	reactant
re37	lactone	product
re38	amide_Ext	reactant
re38	amide	product
re39	amine_Ext	reactant
re39	amine	product
re40	hydroxy carboxylate_Ext	reactant
re40	hydroxy carboxylate	product
re41	aldonate_Ext	reactant
re41	aldonate	product
re42	betaine_Ext	reactant
re42	betaine	product
re43	5-methylthioribose_Ext	reactant
re43	5-methylthioribose	product
re44	inositol_Ext	reactant
re44	inositol	product
re45	amino acid_Ext	reactant
re45	amino acid	product
re46	base(2)_Ext	reactant
re46	base(2)	product
re47	dicarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re47	dicarboxylate	product
re48	polyol_Ext	reactant
re48	polyol	product
re49	short-chain alcohol_Ext	reactant
re49	short-chain alcohol	product
re50	short-chain acid anion_Ext	reactant
re50	short-chain acid anion	product
re51	organosulfur compound_Ext	reactant
re51	organosulfur compound	product
re52	sulfadiazine_Ext	reactant
re52	sulfadiazine	product
re53	ion_Ext	reactant
re53	ion	product
re54	glycerol 1-phosphate_Ext	reactant
re54	glycerol 1-phosphate	product
re55	gfcA_mRNA	reactant
re55	GfcA	product
re56	ymiA-yciX_mRNA	reactant
re56	YmiA	product
re57	ymiA-yciX_mRNA	reactant
re57	YciX	product
