re1	dgcN	reactant
re1	dgcN_mRNA	product
re2	flhC	reactant
re2	flhC_mRNA	product
re3	flhD	reactant
re3	flhD_mRNA	product
re4	gfcA	reactant
re4	gfcA_mRNA	product
re5	ompC	reactant
re5	ompC_mRNA	product
re6	ybhL	reactant
re6	ybhL_mRNA	product
re7	yciX	reactant
re7	yciX_mRNA	product
re8	yfiB	reactant
re8	yfiB_mRNA	product
re9	yfiR	reactant
re9	yfiR_mRNA	product
re10	ymiA	reactant
re10	ymiA_mRNA	product
re11	dgcN_mRNA	reactant
re11	DgcN	product
re12	guanosine-triphosphate	reactant
re12	diphosphate	product
re12	c-di-GMP	product
re13	flhC_mRNA	reactant
re13	FlhC	product
re14	FlhC	reactant
re14	FlhD	reactant
re14	FlhD-FlhC	product
re15	flhD_mRNA	reactant
re15	FlhD	product
re16	gfcA_mRNA	reactant
re16	GfcA	product
re17	ompC_mRNA	reactant
re17	OmpC	product
re18	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da_Ext	reactant
re18	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da	product
re19	organophosphorus compound_Ext	reactant
re19	organophosphorus compound	product
re20	MCFA_Ext	reactant
re20	MCFA	product
re21	caprate_Ext	reactant
re21	caprate	product
re22	glycoside_Ext	reactant
re22	glycoside	product
re23	sugar_Ext	reactant
re23	sugar	product
re24	beta-Neu5Ac_Ext	reactant
re24	beta-Neu5Ac	product
re25	N-acetylneuraminate_Ext	reactant
re25	N-acetylneuraminate	product
re26	sugar phosphate_Ext	reactant
re26	sugar phosphate	product
re27	monocarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re27	monocarboxylate	product
re28	aromatic compound_Ext	reactant
re28	aromatic compound	product
re29	enterobactin_Ext	reactant
re29	enterobactin	product
re30	trisaccharide_Ext	reactant
re30	trisaccharide	product
re31	disaccharide_Ext	reactant
re31	disaccharide	product
re32	maltose_Ext	reactant
re32	maltose	product
re33	chitobiose_Ext	reactant
re33	chitobiose	product
re34	oligopeptide_Ext	reactant
re34	oligopeptide	product
re35	nucleotide_Ext	reactant
re35	nucleotide	product
re36	nucleotide sugar_Ext	reactant
re36	nucleotide sugar	product
re37	nucleoside_Ext	reactant
re37	nucleoside	product
re38	RCHO_Ext	reactant
re38	RCHO	product
re39	lactone_Ext	reactant
re39	lactone	product
re40	amide_Ext	reactant
re40	amide	product
re41	amine_Ext	reactant
re41	amine	product
re42	hydroxy carboxylate_Ext	reactant
re42	hydroxy carboxylate	product
re43	aldonate_Ext	reactant
re43	aldonate	product
re44	betaine_Ext	reactant
re44	betaine	product
re45	5-methylthioribose_Ext	reactant
re45	5-methylthioribose	product
re46	inositol_Ext	reactant
re46	inositol	product
re47	amino acid_Ext	reactant
re47	amino acid	product
re48	base(2)_Ext	reactant
re48	base(2)	product
re49	dicarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re49	dicarboxylate	product
re50	polyol_Ext	reactant
re50	polyol	product
re51	short-chain alcohol_Ext	reactant
re51	short-chain alcohol	product
re52	short-chain acid anion_Ext	reactant
re52	short-chain acid anion	product
re53	organosulfur compound_Ext	reactant
re53	organosulfur compound	product
re54	sulfadiazine_Ext	reactant
re54	sulfadiazine	product
re55	ion_Ext	reactant
re55	ion	product
re56	glycerol 1-phosphate_Ext	reactant
re56	glycerol 1-phosphate	product
re57	ybhL_mRNA	reactant
re57	YbhL	product
re58	yciX_mRNA	reactant
re58	YciX	product
re59	yfiB_mRNA	reactant
re59	YfiB	product
re60	yfiR_mRNA	reactant
re60	YfiR	product
re61	ymiA_mRNA	reactant
re61	YmiA	product
