re1	mazG	reactant
re1	mazG_mRNA	product
re2	dut	reactant
re2	dut_mRNA	product
re3	nudI	reactant
re3	nudI_mRNA	product
re4	thyA	reactant
re4	thyA_mRNA	product
re5	tmk	reactant
re5	tmk_mRNA	product
re6	nrdA	reactant
re6	nrdA_mRNA	product
re7	nrdB	reactant
re7	nrdB_mRNA	product
re8	carB	reactant
re8	carB_mRNA	product
re9	carA	reactant
re9	carA_mRNA	product
re10	pyrB	reactant
re10	pyrB_mRNA	product
re11	pyrI	reactant
re11	pyrI_mRNA	product
re12	pyrC	reactant
re12	pyrC_mRNA	product
re13	pyrE	reactant
re13	pyrE_mRNA	product
re14	pyrF	reactant
re14	pyrF_mRNA	product
re15	pyrD	reactant
re15	pyrD_mRNA	product
re16	pyrH	reactant
re16	pyrH_mRNA	product
re17	ndk	reactant
re17	ndk_mRNA	product
re18	pyrG	reactant
re18	pyrG_mRNA	product
re19	trxA	reactant
re19	trxA_mRNA	product
re20	trxC	reactant
re20	trxC_mRNA	product
re21	mazG_mRNA	reactant
re21	MazG	product
re22	nucleoside triphosphate	reactant
re22	mononucleotide	product
re22	diphosphate	product
re23	dCTP	reactant
re23	diphosphate	product
re23	dCMP	product
re24	dUTP	reactant
re24	diphosphate	product
re24	dUMP	product
re25	dATP	reactant
re25	diphosphate	product
re25	dAMP	product
re26	inosine triphosphate	reactant
re26	diphosphate	product
re26	5'-IMP	product
re27	xanthosine 5' triphosphate	reactant
re27	xanthosine-5-P	product
re27	diphosphate	product
re28	dTTP	reactant
re28	diphosphate	product
re28	dTMP	product
re29	dGTP	reactant
re29	diphosphate	product
re29	dGMP	product
re30	cytidine-triphosphate	reactant
re30	diphosphate	product
re30	cytidylate	product
re31	uridine-triphosphate	reactant
re31	diphosphate	product
re31	5'-UMP	product
re32	dITP	reactant
re32	diphosphate	product
re32	dIMP	product
re33	dut_mRNA	reactant
re33	Dut	product
re34	nudI_mRNA	reactant
re34	NudI	product
re35	thyA_mRNA	reactant
re35	ThyA	product
re36	methylene-H4PteGlu(n)	reactant
re36	dUMP	reactant
re36	7,8-dihydrofolate	product
re36	dTMP	product
re37	tmk_mRNA	reactant
re37	Tmk	product
re38	dTMP	reactant
re38	dTDP	product
re39	nrdA_mRNA	reactant
re39	NrdA	product
re40	NrdA	reactant
re40	NrdB	reactant
re40	NrdA-NrdB	product
re41	nucleoside diphosphate	reactant
re41	reduced thioredoxin	reactant
re41	deoxynucleoside diphosphate	product
re41	thioredoxin disulfide	product
re42	cytidine-diphosphate	reactant
re42	reduced thioredoxin	reactant
re42	thioredoxin disulfide	product
re42	dCDP	product
re43	reduced thioredoxin	reactant
re43	uridine-diphosphate	reactant
re43	thioredoxin disulfide	product
re43	dUDP	product
re44	reduced thioredoxin	reactant
re44	thioredoxin disulfide	product
re44	dADP	product
re45	guanosine-diphosphate	reactant
re45	reduced thioredoxin	reactant
re45	thioredoxin disulfide	product
re45	dGDP	product
re46	nrdB_mRNA	reactant
re46	NrdB	product
re47	carB_mRNA	reactant
re47	CarB	product
re48	CarB	reactant
re48	CarA	reactant
re48	CarB-CarA	product
re49	carbonate	reactant
re49	glutamine	reactant
re49	L-glutamate	product
re49	carbamoyl-P	product
re49	phosphate	product
re50	glutamine	reactant
re50	L-glutamate	product
re50	ammonium	product
re51	carbonate	reactant
re51	ammonium	reactant
re51	carbamoyl-P	product
re51	phosphate	product
re52	carA_mRNA	reactant
re52	CarA	product
re53	pyrB_mRNA	reactant
re53	PyrB	product
re54	PyrI	reactant
re54	PyrB	reactant
re54	PyrB-PyrI	product
re55	carbamoyl-P	reactant
re55	aspartate	reactant
re55	carbamyl-aspartate	product
re55	phosphate	product
re56	pyrI_mRNA	reactant
re56	PyrI	product
re57	pyrC_mRNA	reactant
re57	PyrC	product
re58	dihydroorotate	reactant
re58	carbamyl-aspartate	product
re59	pyrE_mRNA	reactant
re59	PyrE	product
re60	Orotidylic acid	reactant
re60	diphosphate	reactant
re60	orotate	product
re60	PRPP	product
re61	pyrF_mRNA	reactant
re61	PyrF	product
re62	Orotidylic acid	reactant
re62	5'-UMP	product
re62	CO2	product
re63	pyrD_mRNA	reactant
re63	PyrD	product
re64	electron-transfer quinone	reactant
re64	dihydroorotate	reactant
re64	electron-transfer quinol	product
re64	orotate	product
re65	dihydroorotate	reactant
re65	ubiquinone	reactant
re65	ubiquinol	product
re65	orotate	product
re66	dihydroorotate	reactant
re66	vitamin K2	reactant
re66	menaquinol	product
re66	orotate	product
re67	pyrH_mRNA	reactant
re67	PyrH	product
re68	5'-UMP	reactant
re68	uridine-diphosphate	product
re69	ndk_mRNA	reactant
re69	Ndk	product
re70	nucleoside diphosphate	reactant
re70	nucleoside triphosphate	product
re71	uridine-diphosphate	reactant
re71	uridine-triphosphate	product
re72	cytidine-diphosphate	reactant
re72	cytidine-triphosphate	product
re73	dUDP	reactant
re73	dUTP	product
re74	dCDP	reactant
re74	dCTP	product
re75	dTDP	reactant
re75	dTTP	product
re76	dADP	reactant
re76	dATP	product
re77	dGDP	reactant
re77	dGTP	product
re78	guanosine-diphosphate	reactant
re78	guanosine-triphosphate	product
re79	pyrG_mRNA	reactant
re79	PyrG	product
re80	uridine-triphosphate	reactant
re80	glutamine	reactant
re80	cytidine-triphosphate	product
re80	L-glutamate	product
re80	phosphate	product
re81	uridine-triphosphate	reactant
re81	ammonium	reactant
re81	cytidine-triphosphate	product
re81	phosphate	product
re82	trxA_mRNA	reactant
re82	TrxA	product
re83	trxC_mRNA	reactant
re83	TrxC	product
