re1	deoD	reactant
re1	deoD_mRNA	product
re2	xapA	reactant
re2	xapA_mRNA	product
re3	add	reactant
re3	add_mRNA	product
re4	xdhA	reactant
re4	xdhA_mRNA	product
re5	xdhB	reactant
re5	xdhB_mRNA	product
re6	xdhC	reactant
re6	xdhC_mRNA	product
re7	aphA	reactant
re7	aphA_mRNA	product
re8	umpH	reactant
re8	umpH_mRNA	product
re9	umpG	reactant
re9	umpG_mRNA	product
re10	ushA	reactant
re10	ushA_mRNA	product
re11	phoA	reactant
re11	phoA_mRNA	product
re12	deoD_mRNA	reactant
re12	DeoD	product
re13	nebularine	reactant
re13	phosphate	reactant
re13	ribose-1-phosphate	product
re13	purine base	product
re14	guanosine	reactant
re14	phosphate	reactant
re14	ribose-1-phosphate	product
re14	guanine	product
re15	deoxyguanosine	reactant
re15	phosphate	reactant
re15	deoxy-D-ribose 1-phosphate	product
re15	guanine	product
re16	phosphate	reactant
re16	inosine	reactant
re16	ribose-1-phosphate	product
re16	hypoxanthine	product
re17	deoxyinosine	reactant
re17	phosphate	reactant
re17	deoxy-D-ribose 1-phosphate	product
re17	hypoxanthine	product
re18	phosphate	reactant
re18	adenosine	reactant
re18	ribose-1-phosphate	product
re18	adenine	product
re19	deoxyadenosine	reactant
re19	phosphate	reactant
re19	deoxy-D-ribose 1-phosphate	product
re19	adenine	product
re20	xapA_mRNA	reactant
re20	XapA	product
re21	xanthosine	reactant
re21	phosphate	reactant
re21	ribose-1-phosphate	product
re21	xanthine	product
re22	nicotinamide ribose	reactant
re22	phosphate	reactant
re22	ribose-1-phosphate	product
re22	vitamin PP	product
re23	add_mRNA	reactant
re23	Add	product
re24	deoxyadenosine	reactant
re24	deoxyinosine	product
re24	ammonium	product
re25	adenosine	reactant
re25	ammonium	product
re25	inosine	product
re26	xdhA_mRNA	reactant
re26	XdhA	product
re27	XdhC	reactant
re27	XdhA	reactant
re27	XdhB	reactant
re27	XdhA-XdhB-XdhC	product
re28	xanthine	reactant
re28	urate	product
re29	hypoxanthine	reactant
re29	xanthine	product
re30	xdhB_mRNA	reactant
re30	XdhB	product
re31	xdhC_mRNA	reactant
re31	XdhC	product
re32	aphA_mRNA	reactant
re32	AphA	product
re33	phosphate monoester	reactant
re33	phosphate	product
re33	alcohol	product
re34	mononucleotide	reactant
re34	nucleoside	product
re34	phosphate	product
re35	5'-ribonucleotide	reactant
re35	nucleoside	product
re35	phosphate	product
re36	5'-IMP	reactant
re36	phosphate	product
re36	inosine	product
re37	5'-UMP	reactant
re37	phosphate	product
re37	uridine	product
re38	cytidylate	reactant
re38	phosphate	product
re38	cytidine	product
re39	guanylate	reactant
re39	guanosine	product
re39	phosphate	product
re40	3'-phosphomononucleotide	reactant
re40	nucleoside	product
re40	phosphate	product
re41	3'-CMP	reactant
re41	phosphate	product
re41	cytidine	product
re42	3'-AMP	reactant
re42	adenosine	product
re42	phosphate	product
re43	deoxynucleoside monophosphate	reactant
re43	deoxynucleoside	product
re43	phosphate	product
re44	dTMP	reactant
re44	thymidine	product
re44	phosphate	product
re45	dGMP	reactant
re45	deoxyguanosine	product
re45	phosphate	product
re46	dUMP	reactant
re46	deoxyuridine	product
re46	phosphate	product
re47	dCMP	reactant
re47	d-cytidine	product
re47	phosphate	product
re48	dAMP	reactant
re48	deoxyadenosine	product
re48	phosphate	product
re49	deoxynucleoside 3'-phosphate	reactant
re49	deoxynucleoside	product
re49	phosphate	product
re50	3' thymidylic acid	reactant
re50	phosphate	product
re50	thymidine	product
re51	2'-deoxycytidine 3'-monophosphate	reactant
re51	d-cytidine	product
re51	phosphate	product
re52	2'-deoxy-3'GMP	reactant
re52	deoxyguanosine	product
re52	phosphate	product
re53	2'-deoxyuridine 3'-monophosphate	reactant
re53	deoxyuridine	product
re53	phosphate	product
re54	2'-deoxy-3'AMP	reactant
re54	deoxyadenosine	product
re54	phosphate	product
re55	phosphothreonine	reactant
re55	threonine	product
re55	phosphate	product
re56	serine-3P	reactant
re56	phosphate	product
re56	serine	product
re57	Phosphotyrosine	reactant
re57	phosphate	product
re57	tyrosine	product
re58	umpH_mRNA	reactant
re58	UmpH	product
re59	umpG_mRNA	reactant
re59	UmpG	product
re60	ushA_mRNA	reactant
re60	UshA	product
re61	UDP-sugar	reactant
re61	D-glucose 1-phosphate	product
re61	5'-UMP	product
re62	pNPP	reactant
re62	phosphate	product
re62	niphen	product
re63	5'Ap3A	reactant
re64	CPD-606	reactant
re64	glycerol-3-phosphate	product
re64	phosphate	product
re64	cytidine	product
re65	phoA_mRNA	reactant
re65	PhoA	product
re66	phosphoethanolamine	reactant
re66	phosphate	product
re66	colamine	product
re67	phosphocholine	reactant
re67	phosphate	product
re67	choline	product
re68	phosphocysteamine	reactant
re68	cysteamine	product
re68	phosphate	product
re69	vitamin B6	reactant
re69	pyridoxal	product
re69	phosphate	product
re70	pyridoxine-P	reactant
re70	phosphate	product
re70	pyridoxol	product
re71	3'-UMP	reactant
re71	phosphate	product
re71	uridine	product
re72	2'-UMP	reactant
re72	phosphate	product
re72	uridine	product
re73	2'CMP	reactant
re73	phosphate	product
re73	cytidine	product
re74	guanosine 2'-monophosphate	reactant
re74	guanosine	product
re74	phosphate	product
re75	2'-AMP	reactant
re75	phosphate	product
re75	adenosine	product
re76	P-enol-pyruvate	reactant
re76	phosphate	product
re76	pyruvate	product
re77	histidinol-P	reactant
re77	phosphate	product
re77	histidol	product
re78	flavin mononucleotide	reactant
re78	riboflavin	product
re78	phosphate	product
re79	fructose 1,6-biphosphate	reactant
re79	fructose-6-P	product
re79	phosphate	product
re80	2-P-D-glycerate	reactant
re80	glycerate	product
re80	phosphate	product
re81	2-glycerophosphate	reactant
re81	phosphate	product
re81	glycerol	product
re82	ribose-5P	reactant
re82	aldehydo-D-ribose	product
re82	phosphate	product
re83	P3,i	reactant
re83	diphosphate	product
re83	phosphate	product
re84	diphosphate	reactant
re84	phosphate	product
re85	glucose 1-phosphate	reactant
re85	glucopyranose	product
re85	phosphate	product
re86	glucose-6-P	reactant
re86	glucopyranose	product
re86	phosphate	product
re87	sugar phosphate	reactant
re87	phosphate	product
re87	sugar	product
re88	mannitol-1-P	reactant
re88	phosphate	product
re88	mannitol	product
re89	sorbitol 6-phosphate	reactant
re89	phosphate	product
re89	gulitol	product
re90	hexose phosphate	reactant
re90	phosphate	product
re90	hexose	product
re91	D-glucose 1-phosphate	reactant
re91	glucopyranose	product
re91	phosphate	product
re92	alpha-D-glucose-6-P	reactant
re92	alpha-glucose	product
re92	phosphate	product
re93	beta-D-glucose-6-P	reactant
re93	beta-glucose	product
re93	phosphate	product
re94	beta-D-fructofuranose-1-P	reactant
re94	beta-Levulose	product
re94	phosphate	product
re95	mannose-6-P	reactant
re95	phosphate	product
re95	mannose	product
re96	mannose-1-P	reactant
re96	phosphate	product
re96	mannose	product
re97	alpha-D-glucosamine phosphate	reactant
re97	chitosamine	product
re97	phosphate	product
re98	3-P-D-glycerate	reactant
re98	glycerate	product
re98	phosphate	product
re99	2-P-glycolate	reactant
re99	phosphate	product
re99	glycolate	product
re100	2-deoxy-D-glucose 6-phosphate	reactant
re100	2-deoxyglucose	product
re100	phosphate	product
re101	neo-ton	reactant
re101	phosphate	product
re101	creatine	product
re102	6-p gluconate	reactant
re102	gluconate	product
re102	phosphate	product
re103	DHAP	reactant
re103	phosphate	product
re103	glycerone	product
re104	glyceraldehyde-P	reactant
re104	phosphate	product
re104	glycerose	product
re105	GAP	reactant
re105	Glycerose	product
re105	phosphate	product
