re1	ompC	reactant
re1	ompC_mRNA	product
re2	ompC_mRNA	reactant
re2	OmpC	product
re3	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da_Ext	reactant
re3	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da	product
re4	organophosphorus compound_Ext	reactant
re4	organophosphorus compound	product
re5	MCFA_Ext	reactant
re5	MCFA	product
re6	caprate_Ext	reactant
re6	caprate	product
re7	glycoside_Ext	reactant
re7	glycoside	product
re8	sugar_Ext	reactant
re8	sugar	product
re9	beta-Neu5Ac_Ext	reactant
re9	beta-Neu5Ac	product
re10	N-acetylneuraminate_Ext	reactant
re10	N-acetylneuraminate	product
re11	sugar phosphate_Ext	reactant
re11	sugar phosphate	product
re12	monocarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re12	monocarboxylate	product
re13	aromatic compound_Ext	reactant
re13	aromatic compound	product
re14	enterobactin_Ext	reactant
re14	enterobactin	product
re15	trisaccharide_Ext	reactant
re15	trisaccharide	product
re16	disaccharide_Ext	reactant
re16	disaccharide	product
re17	maltose_Ext	reactant
re17	maltose	product
re18	chitobiose_Ext	reactant
re18	chitobiose	product
re19	oligopeptide_Ext	reactant
re19	oligopeptide	product
re20	nucleotide_Ext	reactant
re20	nucleotide	product
re21	nucleotide sugar_Ext	reactant
re21	nucleotide sugar	product
re22	nucleoside_Ext	reactant
re22	nucleoside	product
re23	RCHO_Ext	reactant
re23	RCHO	product
re24	lactone_Ext	reactant
re24	lactone	product
re25	amide_Ext	reactant
re25	amide	product
re26	amine_Ext	reactant
re26	amine	product
re27	hydroxy carboxylate_Ext	reactant
re27	hydroxy carboxylate	product
re28	aldonate_Ext	reactant
re28	aldonate	product
re29	betaine_Ext	reactant
re29	betaine	product
re30	5-methylthioribose_Ext	reactant
re30	5-methylthioribose	product
re31	inositol_Ext	reactant
re31	inositol	product
re32	amino acid_Ext	reactant
re32	amino acid	product
re33	base(2)_Ext	reactant
re33	base(2)	product
re34	dicarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re34	dicarboxylate	product
re35	polyol_Ext	reactant
re35	polyol	product
re36	short-chain alcohol_Ext	reactant
re36	short-chain alcohol	product
re37	short-chain acid anion_Ext	reactant
re37	short-chain acid anion	product
re38	organosulfur compound_Ext	reactant
re38	organosulfur compound	product
re39	sulfadiazine_Ext	reactant
re39	sulfadiazine	product
re40	ion_Ext	reactant
re40	ion	product
re41	glycerol 1-phosphate_Ext	reactant
re41	glycerol 1-phosphate	product
