re1	ompC	reactant
re1	ompC_mRNA	product
re2	ompF	reactant
re2	ompF_mRNA	product
re3	ompC_mRNA	reactant
re3	OmpC	product
re4	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da_Ext	reactant
re4	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da	product
re5	organophosphorus compound_Ext	reactant
re5	organophosphorus compound	product
re6	MCFA_Ext	reactant
re6	MCFA	product
re7	caprate_Ext	reactant
re7	caprate	product
re8	glycoside_Ext	reactant
re8	glycoside	product
re9	sugar_Ext	reactant
re9	sugar	product
re10	beta-Neu5Ac_Ext	reactant
re10	beta-Neu5Ac	product
re11	N-acetylneuraminate_Ext	reactant
re11	N-acetylneuraminate	product
re12	sugar phosphate_Ext	reactant
re12	sugar phosphate	product
re13	monocarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re13	monocarboxylate	product
re14	aromatic compound_Ext	reactant
re14	aromatic compound	product
re15	enterobactin_Ext	reactant
re15	enterobactin	product
re16	trisaccharide_Ext	reactant
re16	trisaccharide	product
re17	disaccharide_Ext	reactant
re17	disaccharide	product
re18	maltose_Ext	reactant
re18	maltose	product
re19	chitobiose_Ext	reactant
re19	chitobiose	product
re20	oligopeptide_Ext	reactant
re20	oligopeptide	product
re21	nucleotide_Ext	reactant
re21	nucleotide	product
re22	nucleotide sugar_Ext	reactant
re22	nucleotide sugar	product
re23	nucleoside_Ext	reactant
re23	nucleoside	product
re24	RCHO_Ext	reactant
re24	RCHO	product
re25	lactone_Ext	reactant
re25	lactone	product
re26	amide_Ext	reactant
re26	amide	product
re27	amine_Ext	reactant
re27	amine	product
re28	hydroxy carboxylate_Ext	reactant
re28	hydroxy carboxylate	product
re29	aldonate_Ext	reactant
re29	aldonate	product
re30	betaine_Ext	reactant
re30	betaine	product
re31	5-methylthioribose_Ext	reactant
re31	5-methylthioribose	product
re32	inositol_Ext	reactant
re32	inositol	product
re33	amino acid_Ext	reactant
re33	amino acid	product
re34	base(2)_Ext	reactant
re34	base(2)	product
re35	dicarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re35	dicarboxylate	product
re36	polyol_Ext	reactant
re36	polyol	product
re37	short-chain alcohol_Ext	reactant
re37	short-chain alcohol	product
re38	short-chain acid anion_Ext	reactant
re38	short-chain acid anion	product
re39	organosulfur compound_Ext	reactant
re39	organosulfur compound	product
re40	sulfadiazine_Ext	reactant
re40	sulfadiazine	product
re41	ion_Ext	reactant
re41	ion	product
re42	glycerol 1-phosphate_Ext	reactant
re42	glycerol 1-phosphate	product
re43	ompF_mRNA	reactant
re43	OmpF	product
re44	TolB	reactant
re44	OmpF	reactant
re44	TolB-OmpF	product
