re1	csgD	reactant
re1	csgD_mRNA	product
re2	csgE	reactant
re2	csgE_mRNA	product
re3	csgF	reactant
re3	csgF_mRNA	product
re4	csgG	reactant
re4	csgG_mRNA	product
re5	dtpA	reactant
re5	dtpA_mRNA	product
re6	micF	reactant
re6	micF_mRNA	product
re7	ompC	reactant
re7	ompC_mRNA	product
re8	ompF	reactant
re8	ompF_mRNA	product
re9	omrA	reactant
re9	omrA_mRNA	product
re10	omrB	reactant
re10	omrB_mRNA	product
re11	csgD_mRNA	reactant
re11	CsgD	product
re12	csgE_mRNA	reactant
re12	CsgE	product
re13	CsgE	reactant
re13	CsgG	reactant
re13	CsgE-CsgG	product
re14	CsgA_Ext	reactant
re14	CsgA	product
re15	csgF_mRNA	reactant
re15	CsgF	product
re16	csgG_mRNA	reactant
re16	CsgG	product
re17	dtpA_mRNA	reactant
re17	DtpA	product
re18	dipeptide_Ext	reactant
re18	dipeptide	product
re19	Ala-gamma-D-Glu-Dap_Ext	reactant
re19	Ala-gamma-D-Glu-Dap	product
re20	micF_mRNA	reactant
re20	RNA:MicF	product
re21	ompC_mRNA	reactant
re21	OmpC	product
re22	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da_Ext	reactant
re22	hydrophilic solute or ion 600 Da	product
re23	organophosphorus compound_Ext	reactant
re23	organophosphorus compound	product
re24	MCFA_Ext	reactant
re24	MCFA	product
re25	caprate_Ext	reactant
re25	caprate	product
re26	glycoside_Ext	reactant
re26	glycoside	product
re27	sugar_Ext	reactant
re27	sugar	product
re28	beta-Neu5Ac_Ext	reactant
re28	beta-Neu5Ac	product
re29	N-acetylneuraminate_Ext	reactant
re29	N-acetylneuraminate	product
re30	sugar phosphate_Ext	reactant
re30	sugar phosphate	product
re31	monocarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re31	monocarboxylate	product
re32	aromatic compound_Ext	reactant
re32	aromatic compound	product
re33	enterobactin_Ext	reactant
re33	enterobactin	product
re34	trisaccharide_Ext	reactant
re34	trisaccharide	product
re35	disaccharide_Ext	reactant
re35	disaccharide	product
re36	maltose_Ext	reactant
re36	maltose	product
re37	chitobiose_Ext	reactant
re37	chitobiose	product
re38	oligopeptide_Ext	reactant
re38	oligopeptide	product
re39	nucleotide_Ext	reactant
re39	nucleotide	product
re40	nucleotide sugar_Ext	reactant
re40	nucleotide sugar	product
re41	nucleoside_Ext	reactant
re41	nucleoside	product
re42	RCHO_Ext	reactant
re42	RCHO	product
re43	lactone_Ext	reactant
re43	lactone	product
re44	amide_Ext	reactant
re44	amide	product
re45	amine_Ext	reactant
re45	amine	product
re46	hydroxy carboxylate_Ext	reactant
re46	hydroxy carboxylate	product
re47	aldonate_Ext	reactant
re47	aldonate	product
re48	betaine_Ext	reactant
re48	betaine	product
re49	5-methylthioribose_Ext	reactant
re49	5-methylthioribose	product
re50	inositol_Ext	reactant
re50	inositol	product
re51	amino acid_Ext	reactant
re51	amino acid	product
re52	base(2)_Ext	reactant
re52	base(2)	product
re53	dicarboxylate_Ext	reactant
re53	dicarboxylate	product
re54	polyol_Ext	reactant
re54	polyol	product
re55	short-chain alcohol_Ext	reactant
re55	short-chain alcohol	product
re56	short-chain acid anion_Ext	reactant
re56	short-chain acid anion	product
re57	organosulfur compound_Ext	reactant
re57	organosulfur compound	product
re58	sulfadiazine_Ext	reactant
re58	sulfadiazine	product
re59	ion_Ext	reactant
re59	ion	product
re60	glycerol 1-phosphate_Ext	reactant
re60	glycerol 1-phosphate	product
re61	ompF_mRNA	reactant
re61	OmpF	product
re62	TolB	reactant
re62	OmpF	reactant
re62	TolB-OmpF	product
re63	omrA_mRNA	reactant
re63	RNA:SraE	product
re64	omrB_mRNA	reactant
re64	RNA:RygB	product
